oh yes my paycheck yes I only started
savings account pay rent on time and
maybe buy a new jacket for once hello
hello I'm calling for Emil oh right
Milo hi hi this is the student loan
collection service
you owe us uh okay
hey can I give you a call back just give
us a call back at
how do you sleep at night Brenda how do
you sleep at night you're a mobster no I
don't have any money I can't afford to
pay you five dollars is too much
that's ridiculous hello hi return from
your alma mater would you like to make a
donation to the school are you serious
hello mom hey baby
your nephew got into college whoa don't
worry on a full-ride scholarship oh well
that's great good fam yay college
Oh